Disambiguate an image resource from a built OCI image (#857)
buildpacks-community/kpack: docs/tutorial.md

   
   > Note: Learn more about kpack secrets with the [kpack secret documentation](secrets.md) 

> 2. Create a service account that references the registry secret created above

Reviewer: Is there a reason to move to numbering explicitly? Mardown will number correctly with 1.s

Author: my preference is usually just to explicitly number them to keep it simple

    :: Built with Spring Boot :: 2.2.2.RELEASE
   ``` 
    
9. kpack rebuilds
    
   We recommend updating the kpack image resource with a CI/CD tool when new commits are ready to be built.
   > Note: You can also provide a branch or tag as the `spec.git.revision` and kpack will poll and rebuild on updates!  

>    We can simulate an update from a CI/CD tool by updating the `spec.git.revision` on the image resourceured in step #6.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   We can simulate an update from a CI/CD tool by updating the `spec.git.revision` on the image resource used in step #6.
```

Author: thank you!
